Let's a go!
Remember, sword goes on <bigA>!
Remember, sword goes on <bigB>!
It's pronounced Hydrocity Zone.
Avoid the heart piece of shame!
Marin? No, this is Zelda. Welcome to Hyrule
Why are you in my bed?
This is not a Mario game!
MuffinJets was here...
Wait, I thought Daid was French!
Is it spicefather or spaceotter?
kbranch finally took a break!
Pink Batman knows that trick, ask them!
Baby seed ahead.
Abandon all hope ye who enter here...
Link... Open your eyes...\nWait, you're #####?
Remember, there are no bugs in LADX.
#####, #####, you got to wake up!\nDinner is ready.
Go find the stepladder.
Pizza power!
Eastmost peninsula is the secret.
There is no cow level.
You cannot lift rocks with your bear hands.
Don't worry, the doghouse was patched.
The carpet whale isn't real, it can't hurt you.
Isn't this a demake of Phantom Hourglass?
Go try the LAS rando!
Go try the Oracles rando!
Go try Archipelago!
Go try touching grass!
Please leave my house.
Trust me, this will be a 2 hour seed, max.
This is still better than doing Damp<eacute> dungeons.
They say that Marin can be found here.
Stalfos are such boneheads.
90 percent bug-free!
404 Marin.personality not found.
Idk man, works on my machine.
Hey guys, did you know that Vaporeon
Trans rights!
Support gay rights!\nAnd their lefts!
Snake? Snake?! SNAAAAKE!!!
Oh, you chose THESE settings?
As seen on TV!
May contain nuts.
Limited edition!
May contain RNG.
Reticulating splines! 
Keyboard compatible!
Teetsuuuuoooo!
Kaaneeeedaaaa!
Learn about allyship!
This Marin text left intentionally blank.
'Autological' is!
Technoblade never dies!
Thank you, CrystalSaver!
Wait, LADX has a rando?
Wait, how many Pokemon are there now?
GOOD EMU
Good luck finding the feather.
Good luck finding the bracelets.
Good luck finding the boots.
Good luck finding your swords.
Good luck finding the flippers.
Good luck finding the rooster.
Good luck finding the hookshot.
Good luck finding the magic rod.
It's not a fire rod.\nIt's a magic rod, it shoots magic.
You should check the Seashell Mansion.
Mt. Tamaranch
WIND FISH IN NAME ONLY, FOR IT IS NEITHER.
Stuck? Try Magpie!
What is the #text-suggestions channel for?
Ribbit! Ribbit! I'm Marin, on vocals!
Try this rando at ladxr.daid.eu!
He turned himself into a carpet whale!
Which came first, the whale or the egg?
Glan - Known Death and Taxes appreciator.
Pok<eacute>mon number 591.
Would you?
Sprinkle the desert skulls.
Please don't curse in my Christian LADXR seed.
... ... ... \n... ...smash.
How was bedwetting practice?
The Oracles decomp project is going well!
#####, how do I download RAM?
Is this a delayed April Fool's Joke?
Play as if your footage will go in a\nSummoning Salt video.
I hope you prepared for our date later.
Isn't this the game where you date a seagull?
!tele broken, pls fix
You look pretty good for a guy who probably drowned.
Remember, we race on Sundays.
Pink Batman delayed this race for lunch.
This randomizer was made possible by players like you. \n \n Thank you!
Now with real fake doors!
Now with real fake floors!
You could be doing something productive right now.
No eggs were harmed in the making of this game.
I'm helping the goat, \ncatfishing Mr. Write is kinda the goal.
There are actually two LADX randomizers.
Did you actually dump this cart?
You're not gonna cheat... \n ...right?
Mamu's singing is so bad it wakes the dead.
Don't forget the Richard picture.
Are you sure you wanna do this?  I kinda like this island.
SJ, BT, WW, OoB, HIJKLMNOP.
5 dollars in the swear jar.  Now.
#####, I promise this seed will be better than the last one.
Want your name here?  Contribute to LADXR!
Kappa
Dragon already finished this seed, about an hour ago.
HEY! \n \n LANGUAGE!
I sell seashells on the seashore.
Hey!  Are you even listening to me?
Your stay will total 10,000 rupees.  I hope you have good insurance.
I have like the biggest crush on you.  Will you get the hints now?
Daid watches Matty for ideas. \nBlame her if things go wrong.
'All of you are to blame.' -Daid
Batman Contingency Plan: Link.  Step 1: Disguise yourself as a maiden to attract the young hero.
I have flooded Koholint with a deadly neurotoxin.
Ahh, General #####.
Finally, Link's Awakening!
Is the Wind Fish dreaming that he's sleeping in an egg?  Or is he dreaming that he's you?
Save Koholint.  By destroying it.  Huh?  Don't ask me, I'm just a kid!
There aren't enough women in this village to sustain a civilization.
So does this game take place before or after Oracles?
Have you tried the critically acclaimed MMORPG FINAL FANTASY XIV that has a free trial up to level 60 including the Heavensward expansion?
The thumbs-up sign had been used by the Galactic Federation for ages. Me, I was known for giving the thumbs-down during briefing. I had my reasons, though... Commander Adam Malkovich was normally cool and not one to joke around, but he would end all of his mission briefings by saying, 'Any objections, Lady?'
Hot hippos are near your location!
#####, get up!  It's my turn in the bed!  Tarin's smells too much...
Have you ever had a dream\nthat\nyo wa-\nyo had\nyo\nthat\nthat you could do anything?
Next time, try a salad.
seagull noises
I'm telling you, YOU HAVE UNO, it came free with your Xbox!
I'm telling you, YOU HAVE TRENDY, it came free with your Mabe!
LADXR - Now with even more Marin quotes!
You guys are spending more time adding Marin quotes than actually playing the game.
NASA faked the moon.
Doh, I missed!
Beginning the seed in... 100\n99\n98\n97\n96\n...\nJust Kidding.
Consider libre software!
Consider a GNU/Linux installation!
Now you're gonna tell me about how you need to get some instruments or maybe shells to hatch a whale out of an egg, right?  All you boys are the same...
Oh hey #####!  I made pancakes!
Oh hey #####!  I made breakfast!
Alright Tarin, test subject number 142857 was a failure, give him the item and the memory drug and we'll try next time.
Betcha 100 rupees that Tarin gives you a sword.
Betcha 100 rupees that Tarin gives you the feather.
Betcha 100 rupees that Tarin gives you a bracelet.
Betcha 100 rupees that Tarin gives you the boots.
Betcha 100 rupees that Tarin gives you the hookshot.
Betcha 100 rupees that Tarin gives you the rod.
You'd think that Madam MeowMeow would be a cat person.
Look at you, with them dry lips.
You are now manually breathing.  Hope that doesn't throw you off for this race.
Lemme get a number nine, a number nine large, a number six, with extra dip...
Tarin, the red-nosed deadbeat \nHad a mushroom addiction!
I'm using tilt controls!
SPLASH! \n \n \n ...Wait, you meant something else by 'splash text'?
CRACKLE-FWOOSH!
'Logic' is a strong word.
They say that the go-to way for fixing things is just to add another one of me.
gl hf
Have you considered multi-classing as a THIEF?
Don't call me Shirley
WHY are you buying CLOTHES at the SOUP STORE?
Believe it or not, this won't be the last time Link gets stranded on an island.
Is this the real life?  Or is this just fantasy?
To the owner of the white sedan, your lights are on.
Now remade, in beautiful SD 2D!
Animal Village in my seed \nMarin and rabbits, loop de loop.
You seem totally entranced in Marin's appearance.
House hippoes are very timid creatures and are rarely seen, but they will defend their territory if provoked.
New goal! Close this seed, open the LADXR source code, and find the typo.
All your base are belong to us
Really?  Another seed?
This seed brought to you by: the corners in the D2 boss room.
Hey, THIEF!  Oh wait, you haven't done anything wrong... yet.
Hello World
With these hands, I give you life!
I heard we're a subcommunity of FFR now.
Try the Final Fantasy Randomizer!
How soon should we start calling you THIEF?
... Why do you keep doing this to yourself?
YOUR AD HERE
Did Matty give you this seed?  Yeesh, good luck.
Yoooo I looked ahead into the spoiler log for this one...\n...\n...\n...good luck.
Lemme check the spoiler log...\nOkay, cool, only the normal amount of stupid.
Oh, you're alive.  Dang.  Guess I won't be needing THIS anymore.
Now you're gonna go talk to my dad.  Gosh, boys are so predictable.
Shoot, I WAS going to steal your kidneys while you were asleep.  Guess I'll have to find a moment when you don't expect me.
You caught me, mid-suavamente!
You'll be the bedwetting champion in no time.
Link, stop doing that, this is the fifth time this week I've had to change the sheets!
You mind napping in Not My Bed next time?
Why do they call it oven when you of in the cold food of out hot eat the food?
Marin sayings will never be generated by AI.  Our community really is just that unfunny.
skibidi toilet\n...\nYes, that joke WILL age well, palex.
I have returned from the dead with copyright-compliant music!
WHO DARES AWAKEN ME FROM MY THOUSAND-YEAR SLUMBER
The wind... it is... blowing...
Have I ever told you how much I hate sand?
explosion.gif
It is pronounced LADXR, not LADXR.
Stop pronouncing it lah-decks.
Someone once suggested to add all the nag messages all at once for me.
Accidentally playing Song 2?  In front of the egg?  It's more likely than you think.
Ladies and gentlemen?  We got him.
Ladies and gentlemen?  We got her.
Ladies and gentlemen?  We got 'em.
What a wake up!  I thought you'd never Marin!  You were feeling a bit woozy and Zelda... What? Koholint?  No, my name's relief!  You must still be tossing.  You are on turning Island!
...Zelda?  Oh Marin is it?  My apologies, thank you for saving me.  So I'm on Koholint Island?  Wait, where's my sword and shield?!
Koholint?  More like kOWOlint.
What? The Wind Fish will grant my wish literally?  I forsee nothing wrong happening with this.
Hey Marin!  You woke me up from a fine nap!  ... Thanks a lot!  But now, I'll get my revenge!  Are you ready?!
Why bother coming up with a funny quote?  You're just gonna mash through it anyway.
something something whale something something dream something something adventure.
Some people won't be able to see this message!
If you're playing Archipelago and see this message, say hi to zig for me!
I think it may be time to stop playing LADXR seeds.
Rings do nothing unless worn!
Thank you Link, but our Instruments are in another Dungeon.
Are you sure you loaded the right seed?
Is this even randomized?
This seed brought to you by... Corners!
To this day I still don't know if we inconvenienced the Mad Batter or not.
Oh, hi #####
People forgot I was playable in Hyrule Warriors
Join our Discord.  Or else.
Also try Minecraft!
I see you're finally awake...
OwO
This is Todd Howard, and today I'm pleased to announce... The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim for the Nintendo Game Boy Color!
Hey dummy!  Need a hint?  The power bracelet is... !! Whoops! There I go, talking too much again.
Thank you for visiting Toronbo Shores featuring Mabe Village.  Don't forget your complimentary gift on the way out.
They say that sand can be found in Yarna Desert.
I got to see a previously unreleased cut yesterday.  It only cost me 200 rupees.  What a deal!
Just let him sleep
LADXR is going to be renamed X now.
Did you hear this chart-topping song yet?  It's called Manbo's Mambo, it's so catchy!  OH!
YOU DARE BRING LIGHT INTO MY LAIR?!?!  You must DIE!
But enough talk!  Have at you!
Please input your age for optimal meme-text delivery.
So the bear is just calling the walrus fat beecause he's projecting, right?
Please help, #####!  The Nightmare has shuffled all the items around!
One does not simply Wake the Wind Fish.
Nothing unusual here, just a completely normal LADX game, Mister Nintendo.
Ah! Enfin...\n J'ai cru que tu n'allais jamais te r<eacute>veiller.\nTu devais cauchemarder.\nQuoi? Zelda??\nTu dois <ecirc>tre encore patraque! Je suis Marine! Tu es sur l'<icirc>le Cocolint!
This random text is proudly presented by the LADXR discord community.
Did you know the original LA had a demo at the Winter CES of 1993?
Los Angeles Deluxe!
It's-a-me, Mari-n!
Is there a limit to how many of these can be made?
Ganon's Weakness is the Silver Arrow
Dodongo Snake dislikes smoke
The Legend of Zelda: Another Dreaming Island
She needs correction. Plap plap plap plap.
I told her "Matty no", but then she was like "Matty yes" and jumped off the wall.
I run ST/WW btw.
YOU asked whether it was anatomically correct!
Zelda? It's Hylian-likely she'll be in this game.
Hello, you must be Zelda right? Oh, #####? My bad, the title screen confused me.
Never punished.
Welcome to my trap-eeer, ceremony.
. . .
It's a secret to everbody. Have I said that one yet?
Is Wordle still a thing?
Hey, let me tell you about Homestuck...
Ganondorf only wanted equality for his people.
Ganon is the pig. Ganondorf is the man.
So I walked in, and he was mid suavamente.
Why does everyone use 'he' for the Windfish? Did anyone ask? 
You now got Saria's song stuck in your ear.
Oh what I'd do if I didn't have you.
Mamma mia, here we go again.
When the moon hits you eye, like a big pizza pie, that's a moray. When an eel lunges out, and he takes a bite of your snout, that's a moray! ...Tarin, quit embarassing yourself!
Where in the timeline does this place again?
Dear!\n...Umm...\n...ahh...\nWhen I grow up,\nI'm going to be\nyour bride!\nAhh! I said it!
Link's Awakening\nIN COLOR
Crazy Tracy was being investigated for inappropriate behavior bordering assault.  Authorities have recently rescinded the investigation, however, when Link reportedly walked through a flamethrower.
Did you just hide the German Game Guide under the matress?
Tell me, #####, do you feel that only one person, someone not native to the island as well, should be making the decisions for the rest of the population?
Mr. Link, I don't feel so good...
It's dangerous to go alone. Take me along later
You expected Zelda. But it was me - Marin!
So I'm planning to climb the mountain later and tell him monsters- Oh! You're awake!
Vanilla? In my Koholint?
... Oh great, now you're woke.
You might find 'vanille' items - that's french vanilla, you know
I've been tasked with Facade's performance review before the next game comes out. They're thinking of demoting him.
On the other hand, Smasher and him are the only ones doing good enough to show up again.
So, I turned the RTX on and Moldorm turned into a cheeseburger.
Marin is typing...
I feel like Moldorm should come in a vegetarian variant...  Like, Vegdorm
Help me, Link. You're my only hope! Wait, sorry, wrong franchise.
I reversed the polarity of the neutron flow.
We're all stories in the end. Just make it a good one, eh?
Hello? Hello? Anybody home?
Ich Liebe dich! Oh... it's German for I Love you! Giggle
Oh my god, I'm so sorry. I didn't think my cooking was that bad.
We tried to warn you about the emu
Australia waged a war against emus, which is why sometimes we sort out bad emus here
By getting out of bed, you accept the Koholint Island Terms of Living.  As per the ToL, your actions will be used to train our new TarinAI model.  To opt out, collect the Instruments of the Sirens to wake the Wind Fish.
Rent's due today, pay up.
DOT MATRIX WITH STEREO SOUND
DOT MATRIX WITH STEREO SOUND, AND COLOR!
42. What do you mean? You just don't know the question!
so long, and thanks for all the windfish!
Say hi to Richard for me.
Is that a banana in your inventory or are you just glad to see us?
Link, get up! There's a life out there to enjoy, so enjoy it!
Man, what I great life. I'm so glad I haven't faded to dust or turned into a seagull.
Wake the Wind Fish. Fastest time wins. Your time starts when you selected a file.
All the information is on the task.
Welcome to Taskmaster. Your task is to collect as many instruments as possible with the time limit. Your time begins now.
You time started 8 seconds ago.
Happy Birthday!
Get back to work.
I've heard that if you enter BowWow's Doghouse from behind, something weird might happen. Don't ask me, I'm just a Marin.
You don't have to go home, but you can't stay here.
Rent is 200 rupees per day, toilet usage not included.
Get out there and make me some money!
Have you considered some of the many romhacks available for LADX?
Archipelago has advised us not to include piracy references in these.
I've heard Koholint is actually part of an Archipelago.
Great. I come to an island for my vacation and end up nursing some weirdo from the beach back to health. Oh! You're up!
There was a better joke here, but Daid said no.
We should probably curate these a bit better, but hey it makes every seed a fun surprise!
What is Koholint but a miserable little pile of rocks? And people? And animals? And monsters? Gosh it's actually a lot!
I'm just glad warlink decided to help out adding more of these quotes.
And this! ... Is to go even further beYOND SUPER NINTENDO!
This is an Nintendo that has ascended beyond a Super Nintendo.
Just as Miyamoto intended. N-intend-o'ed.
So this guy Wart said my dad looked like some "Mario" guy. Changed his name to Mamu and hid in the maze outside of town.
This game proves that Zelda, Kirby and Mario are actually the same universe. But hey, that's just a theory.
Do Nintendo characters all dream in the same universe?
Join me, and together we can rule this island as hero and gull!
Did you ever hear the tragedy of Darth Dethl The Wise? I thought not. It's not a story the Owl would tell you. It's a Nightmare legend.
This is no island, it's a space station.
This is a dream. Nothing matters. Go nuts, kid.
---PLACEHOLDER---\nwarlink, don't forget to replace this text.

